# Anomaly-Detection
Anomaly detection Through different ML methods

Anomalies arise due to mechanical faults, changes in system behavior, fraudulent behavior, human error, instrument error or simply through natural deviations in populations. Whatever their root causes are, the resulting behavior is critical and may in general lead to economic or reputation loss. Thus, their detection can identify system faults and fraud before they escalate with potentially catastrophic consequences. It can identify errors and remove their contaminating effect on the data set and as such to purify the data for processing. So, anomaly detection is an important problem and it has been well-studied within diverse research areas and application domains.

As a matter of fact, anomalies detection techniques are domain specific and we could not find any off-the-shelf method that works in all situations. To develop an anomaly detection system, we need to consider that it is highly dependent on the application area, nature of the anomaly, and availability of the data. Analysis and presented methods help the research community to choose the most suitable method or technique for the specific area. In the industrial system, design and development of anomaly detection methods are crucial to reduce the chance of unexpected failure of a system. It has been found that developed methods for anomaly detection are successfully applied to predictive and proactive maintenance. Such methods are widely used to improve the productivity performance, save the downtime of the machines, and do the root cause analysis of the faults.
